and so a number of ways that you can affect morale is for one, you're
personally. It's about being positive, and I would like to think that
a positive attitude is contagious. So the more you're smiling, the
more that you're being positive about things. The more others will
be positive about things on board. Like certain ships. You are every
ship that I've been on. I had the privilege of being on. There are
definitely a number of activities that you can engage in which you start
with each other to, you know, help building around. There's bingo
night. There's a video game night. There's our I hop night where
you know the C S is get around and they cook. I hot pancakes for an
omelets for dinner. You know that ice cream night? There's pizza and
Chicken wing night, but also you have certain activities that sometimes
that the captain will push, which are like they'll allow beards
so you pay the into the MW are fun, say, three bucks or so, and you
can grow your beard out. Do you? You know, you come back in port, so
you know, that's like a big morale booster believe it or not, is it
zip? It may seem very small, but something like that will build morale
very quickly if I don't have to get up and save everyone and I
could walk around with beer. But things like that, um, those air about,
you know, just about the limits that a person can do or someone
can do to affect morale when you have obligations to meet outside of
that, you know, putting import as often as you are allowed to and getting
off the ship. Just been able to decompress and are going tours
and see things. And, uh, those are about the best that you can do
to build around.